Hello my friends!

Welcome in ugotuj.to

Fingers cross and come back next year ;-)

ugotuj.to is temporary name for our project, which will be changed in the future.

Main goal of this file is to present process and describe project.

1. About

ugotuj.to is an academic project for Inżynierski Projekt Zespołowy created by four person team.

Main purpose of team is to prepare web application which will be fully working. 

Main functionality will be coock book which will be created by community. All registered users will be able to add new, they own recipe.
Not register users will be able to read recipes which will be in services. 

Second functionality will be search. Every user will be able to search for the best recipe for him. 

In plans are also some additional functions related to gameplay. Also we are thinking about Android application.

2. Developing process

	1) We are working on feature branch, which are created from the develop* branch
	2) When work on feature branch is done** it can be merged to the develop branch
	3) After every iteration (1 Sprint probably) develop branch will be merged to the master*** branch
	
	* develop branch is this one on which are be made all changes and on which will be done tests
	** done mean that task which was developed have finished developed work and was tested. This also mean that 
	all acceptance criteria are made.
	*** master branch is the last, production version, which can see any user on the production environment. On this branch
	can not be made any developer work.

	Visualization of process is visible in developing_process.png file.
	
3. Testing process

	We are thinking about split tests to manual tests and automation tests. 
	
	For that moment no more details are known. 
	
4. Methodology 
	
	Whole project is planned to be made in Agile methodology. Probably it will be Scrum.
	But because this is academic project, it will be hard to do all Scrum ceremonies like it it in real project.
	
	We can be sure that if it will be Scrum we will be doing sprints (probably two weeks per iteration). After each sprint will be needed some Sprint 
	Review. Maybe also it will be needed Retrospective. Also every week will be needed Planning and probably Grooming. We will try to do this project
	with all good practices. 
	
5. Technology

	For that moment is not ready any basic technology. But after first brainstorming we know that will be needed some database. Also web application 
	will be done with HTML, CSS and JS. 
	
	Android application if will be done, will be done in Java. 
	



	
Document created by Andrzej Doliński (Danon9111).
Last update: 19/04/2015